---
pageName: April-Board-Meeting-Minutes
blogTitle: April Board Meeting Minutes
titleTag: Board Meeting Minutes
blogDescription: The following minutes detail the Friends of Logan Library Board
  meeting held on April 16th, 2025.
author: Brelle Christensen
date: 2025-10-16T16:32:16.231Z
tags:
  - post
  - minutes
  - featured
image: https://loganlibraryfriends.org/images/blog/cta2.png
imageAlt: Logan Library
---
Friends of the Logan Library Board Meeting Agenda

**Date: 4/16/2025\
Time: 5:30 PM\
Location: 2F Sego Lily Conference Room**

1. Call to Order

   * President/Chair calls the meeting to order. - Frank 
   * In Attendance: Michael, JaDene, Stephen, Bob, Emma, Jordan, Brelle, Joseph
2. Approval of Minutes

   * Review and approve minutes from the previous meeting.
   * Motion to approve minutes. Stephen motions, Jadene seconds, ayes are unanimous
3. Approval of Agenda

   * Review and approve agenda for current meeting
   * Motion to approve agenda - Stephen motions , Jordan seconds, ayes are unanimous
4. Treasurer’s Report

   * Presentation of financial updates:

     * Current balance - $12,925 total assets between three accounts
     * Recent income and expenses -  $500 to Banned, train reimbursement, received donation for banned screening
     * Stephen- get with Jordan on Zeffy donation, who are they coming from
     * Stephen - Get checks for panelists
   * Any pending financial issues or concerns 

     * Taxes - IRS94N submitted, saved in google drive
     * Business Renewal - needed to maintain 5013C status, 4:30 on the 30th is the deadline
     * Advertising emails from Frank - need more board response, items are time sensitive, please check emails timely
     * Herald Journal messed up on advertisement - $900 on ads, honorarium $1600
     * Frank moves for fundraising from Banned event to go to Library directly, Stephen seconds
     * Emma - create a print for Saturday with correct QR code (Zeffy, not venmo)
   * Motion to approve Treasurer’s Report.  Emma motions, Jordan seconds, ayes are unanimous
5. Library Director’s Report

   * Discussion on potential areas where the Friends group can support.

     * How are Library Cards Issued? Logan residents should know
     * Can raise funds for library
     * Support staff via events
   * What is the relationship between friends and the library? How should this process work? We want to library to request help from us

     * We want to be advocates for the library, not just keepers of the old stuff
     * We want to have an organized membership list for donation - this is why we went to Zeffy
6. Old Business

   * Banned Screening and Panel Discussion on April 19th

     * JaDene - send Stephen the official list of speakers
     * Room is reserved
     * Do we pay the clean up fee? We have crackers and cookies. Library is sponsoring, so Library will cover it
     * JaDene - call panelists for UPI interview tomorrow
     * AV - have a back up plan, room system has issues
     * Use Jordan’s laptop for video login
     * Be here at 1 pm on Sat.
     * 2nd showing - 23rd of April, no panel, film starting at 4:30pm, room reserved 4-6:30
   * Richard Hatch Magic Show

     * Need to reserve a space
     * Richard’s mom died, so we will revisit this in a couple weeks
   * Book Sale Status

     * Use library lawn space for a consignment style sale

       * Jadene motions to change book sale model
       * Book storage issue, Champ house may have storage
       * Previous sales have been a hassle
     * How do we maintain fiscal control/tracking? People pay the friends, we reimburse 
     * JaDene- talk to Weber County about how they conduct their book sale
   * Membership Updates: Current membership status and recruitment strategies.

     * Jordan - are the lifelong members on the list?

       * Not done yet
     * Jordan - email lists for current and past members

       * Sent out a renewal email - 50% opened the email, 8% clicked on the Zeffy link
       * Next step is to create an active email list (need both member list and non member list)
       * Jordan - send an email for Banned event for all addresses we have
   * Other Ongoing Projects: Any long-term initiatives or issues that need continued attention.

     * Jordan - are the by-laws on the FFL website? - done 
     * Next meeting- what changes to the bylaws need to be made
     * Jordan- is the Friend’s cell phone activated? 

       * Prepaid account was deactivated due to no use
       * We cannot use this number and will need a new number
       * Will have a recurring charge ($15/month), ayes unanimous
       * Jordan- get new phone number
7. New Business

   * Proposed New Fundraising Ideas:

     * Star Gazing event on FLL porch w/ Cache Astronomical Society
   * Brochure - updated for color accessibility

     * Minimize old way of joining, zeffy is preferred, should this be emphasized
     * Emma- update brochure to highlight our website, change schedule to “monthly board meetings and special events”
     * Emma will not be here for the next three months, any graphics items should be sent to Jordan
8. Public Comments

   * Open the floor for any comments or suggestions from the public or non-board members.
9. Next Meeting

   * Set the date, time, and location of the next board meeting.
10. Adjournment

    * Motion to adjourn.