---
pageName: June-Board-Meeting-Minutes
blogTitle: June Board Meeting Minutes
titleTag: Board Meeting Minutes
blogDescription: The following minutes detail the Friends of Logan Library Board
  meeting held on June 18th, 2025.
author: Brelle Christensen
date: 2025-10-16T15:21:03.576Z
tags:
  - post
  - minutes
  - featured
image: /images/blog/cta2.png
imageAlt: Logan Library
---
Friends of the Logan Library Boarding Meeting Notes

Date: 6/18/2025\
Time: 4:30pm\
Location: 3F Aspen

1. Call to Order

   * President/Chair calls the meeting to order.
   * Attendance: Frank, Bob, Brelle, Jadene, Joseph
2. Approval of Minutes

   * Review and approve minutes from the previous meeting.
   * *JaDene moves to approve minutes. Bob seconds the motion. Ayes are unanimous.*
3. Approval of Agenda

   * Review and approve agenda for current meeting
   * *JaDene moves to approve minutes. Bob seconds the motion. Ayes are unanimous.*
4. Treasurer’s Report - Stephen absent - review next meeting

   * Stephen/Jordan - who are the Zeffy donations coming from? Review next month
   * Received $100 from the Miltons, as well as a few $5-10 dollar contributions, no know expenditures
5. Library Director’s Report (if applicable)

   * No report today 
   * Joseph and Michael are discussing potential areas the Friends can support

     * Could help with cost of computer use by non-residents (unhoused usage fee) - no issues yet 
   * The library has not been impacted by federal cuts yet, the state librarian is keeping tabs on this
6. Old Business

   1. Richard Hatch Magic Show

      * date/time - June 28th at 1:15pm
      * Need volunteers to help with setup and take down (should be minimal)
      * Frank passed out flyers at the farmer’s market, $60 dollars per batch to print (passed out 2 batches of 300)
      * Frank will print 600 more flyers for this weekend’s farmers market. Jadene will help hand them out
   2. Book Sale Status

      * JaDene tried to speak to Weber County about their book sale. Kathy knows nothing about it, the lady who ran it was not willing to talk about it
      * Do we want a book sale? What is the need?
      * How many people ask the library to sell their books?
      * Jordan could send a survey asking the friends for feedback and interest
      * *Jadene moves to revisit book sale discussion at the August board meeting. Bob seconds the motion. Ayes are unanimous.*
   3. Membership Updates

      * Jordan - add lifelong members to the list - follow up next month
      * Still need to create an active email list 
   4. Other Ongoing Projects:

      * What changes need to be made to the bylaws?
      * Jordan- get a new phone number for the friends - did this happen?
      * Joseph - ask for Friends flyer reprints (with updated phone number)
      * Frank - what is the new phone number and who has the phone?
7. New Business

   1.  ESL program (English as a Second Language) 

      * Should we have a ESL program here?
      * Bob - meet with Language Learning Center and ask how we can support them at the library
      * Background checks for volunteers
      * Cannot put this on library staff in any way
      * Document proposed process - frequency, space, who is involved, etc.
   2. Train Display

      * Background checks are needed for those assisting with the Second Annual Model Train Display
      * Frank wants to add a blimp w/trailer (we have no more billboard space, solutions?)
      * Joseph - talk to Michael about adding the blimp to the display
      * Sponsorship is open to anyone, $500 for billboards - perpetuity; we can always list them on our programs
      * Donors can contribute to buying an engine
   3. July 26th is non-profit day at the Gardener’s Market

      * Joseph - talk to Morgan about coordinating with the Library for this
   4. What happens when a community member wants a book removed from the library?

      * This will be added back to the library’s policy
      * Library director decides, community member can appeal to library board if needed
      * Collection management policy is public on the library’s website
   5. Patio Stargazing Event?
8. Volunteer Opportunities - N/A

   * Review volunteer needs for upcoming events or library services.
   * Sign-up or recruitment of new volunteers.
9. Public Comments

   * Open the floor for any comments or suggestions from the public or non-board members.
10. Next Meeting

    * The next board meeting is July 16th at 5:30pm in the 2F Sego Lily Conference Room <!--StartFragment-->
11. Adjournment

    * Bob moves to adjourn the meeting. Jadene seconds the motion. Ayes are unanimous.

    <!--EndFragment-->